fix(documentation) Removed a few misprints (#379)
jenkinsci/lockable-resources-plugin: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] The Jira / Github issue, if it exists, is well-described.
- [ ] The changelog entries and upgrade guidelines are appropriate for the audience affected by the change (users or developers, depending on the change) and are in the imperative mood (see [examples](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/blob/master/content/_data/changelogs/weekly.yml)).
  - Fill in the **Proposed upgrade guidelines** section only if there are breaking changes or changes that may require extra steps from users during the upgrade.

> - [ ] There is automated testing or an explanation for why this change has no tests.

Reviewer: Alternative phrasing (optional)
```suggestion
- [ ] There is automated testing or an explanation that explains why this change has no tests.
```
